yesterday morning after getting 64
ounces out of one of the goats I placed
that into this stainless steel pot
that's very sanitized stainless steel
pot with a little bit of chevre culture
and some rennet now the nice thing with
chevre is that you don't actually have
to heat up the milk if you take it
straight from the goat I placed it in
the pot put a lid on it and put it on a
table and let it sit there at about room
temperature for 24 hours if you live in
a climate where it's extremely hot
inside the house you might want to stick
it on a marble table or inside a oven
something that has a very consistent
temperature now we're at a point where
we can see in the bottom you can see
that lump mass is the way on top and
there's a mass underneath which is the
cheese that we're hoping to extract or
the curds and we're going to put that
into some butter muslin that's inside a
with a colander that sits on top of a
stainless steel pot that will allow the
way to actually filter through and to
scoop it out
we use special spoon most of these come
usually inside your spoon kit or your
utensil kit that you use for cooking and
if you've ever wondered what this is for
this is what it works really well for
reach in and scoop out a mass and there
it is and take that across and drop it
into the butter muslin and then let it
filter on its own and then you hang the
butter muslin for about six to eight
hours and then you take what's in there
pour it into a jar and you've got
shepper here the curds sitting inside
the butter muslin now what I'm going to
do is I'm going to tie the ends here
over a pair of chopsticks
and then hang that drape that inside
this stainless steel bucket that I used
for milking inside here and that will
allow me to collect the way that drains
out of the bottom you can hear it
dripping already you know allow me to
hang it now that's not all
the Kurds I got that's only half of the
Kurds from that batch so you can make a
lot of chevre with two quarts of milk
here's my chopstick arrangement just a
couple chopsticks that I have fed
through I just tie off the ends of the
bottom use one to hold it up in the
bottom you can see weight-training from
it about six to eight hours later I can
pour that out pour that out into a I
like to use a glass bowl little Pyrex
Bowl pour it in there and that's what it
looks like and there you have chevre now
you can if you wish flavor it roll it in
something cut it up smaller share it
with friends whatever you wish
enjoy